[Music]
a mass killer is toying with you before
he kills you
he can get in anytime he wants and you
can't scream for help or even hear when
he breaks in
because you're deaf and mute he'll have
his way with you
unless you can figure out how to kill
him first this one
has all the odds stuck against us i'm
going to break down all the mistakes
explain what you should do and how to
beat the killer in hush
[Music]
maddie here is the unluckiest woman in
alabama she lives completely alone deep
in the woods and is very independent
given that she's both deaf and mute
she's found a way to live her
disabilities but it doesn't change the
fact that they make her really
vulnerable
especially living in the middle of
nowhere her only neighbor pays a visit
she loved her latest book and asks about
her writing process
the deaf woman explains she has a
writer's brain which lets you clearly
imagine how scenario might play out
okay this is a huge advantage to have it
helps you predict events in people's
behavior if you know what someone will
do
you can survive any life-threatening
situations even against all
odds but when you're deaf and mute you
have a lot less information to work with
so she needs to be smarter and more
aware than everyone else
they're interrupted by a strobe light
going off in her house and run inside
it turns out she didn't predict burning
dinner but they're saved by her special
fire alarm
okay this thing is made for deaf people
it's so loud you can feel the vibrations
which is great but there's also nothing
else protecting this place
and with no fast access to hospitals or
emergency services
safety protocols become really important
i would be rigging this to everything
especially a security system i would
also have motion detecting lights so it
gets her attention if wild animals or a
visitor shows up
later that night maddy's cleaning up her
ruined dinner with her neighbor
frantically
comes banging on her kitchen window
there must be an emergency because she's
begging for help
the neighbor is suddenly shot with a
crossbow bolt a mask man appears and
grabs her from behind
pulling the bolt out and stabbing her
over and over
this guy is really sadistic and the deaf
woman has no idea
her neighbor's being murdered only
meters away the killer sees her and
knocks the window but he's surprised
when he gets no reaction
she just carries out her choice he
realizes that she must be deaf
and he's totally intrigued the killer
drags the body out of sight but he'll be
back for more
because this night just got a lot more
fun for him now even if she knew there
was a killer lurking around
she would still have a disadvantage deaf
people can't communicate on 9-1-1 calls
some areas have a text to 9-1-1 service
but it's not in every state and unless
you have this old machine here to help
you convert calls to text
it makes it extremely difficult for you
to get help in an emergency
i definitely plan ahead by installing a
panic room and they're a lot cheaper
than you think now this woman lives in
alabama which is top 10 in most natural
disasters in america so it's not just
for the paranoid it's a practical safety
feature
especially for a deaf mute living in a
natural disaster zone
maddie continues working on a story
never noticing that the killer has
opened the door
and come inside the house he stands
directly behind her waiting for her to
turn around when she gets a surprise
call from her sister
the killer moves out of the webcam's
view just before the call starts and
quietly takes her phone as he slips back
out the door he doesn't just want to
kill her he wants to look at all her
nudie pics
she goes back to work but gets
interrupted by an iphone message
they're pictures of herself through the
windows of her house
and all sent from her phone this is
creepy as hell
someone's come inside taking your phone
and left the door
open okay at this point we have a
momentary advantage
run upstairs lock the door and call for
help immediately
enable text-to-speech on your computer
allowing the responders to hear your
words as you type
i would barricade myself in the most
secure room until help comes because
confrontation
plays to his strengths she peeks outside
and sees the masked man standing there
with her phone
this guy is taunting her she dashes
towards the open door and locks it shut
just before the killer gets there he
moves to another doorway and she rushes
over to lock that one too
he finds the front door locked as well
and continues around the house to find
another way in
she runs to her computer to dial 9-1-1
but before it connects
all the power in the house goes out now
this killer
is [ __ ] smart not only did he know
where the breaker was but as he's
watching her scramble he realizes she
has no access to another wi-fi network
because the password
would have been saved she can't contact
anyone but that's not enough for him he
walks over to her car
and pops each tire leaving her no chance
to rescue or escape
now he's forced her hand she has to deal
with the situation
alone this is getting really bad no car
no power no internet no phone no sound
and no voice
but there's a huge silver lining here
because this wi-fi signal means the
power in our neighbor's house is still
on and we need to get there unnoticed as
soon as we can
we know the house is less than 100
meters away because that's the maximum
range of a standard home router
also the average woman can run 100
meters in under 30 seconds
so now we need a distraction big enough
to guarantee us 30 seconds
and loud enough to cover the sound of
running through leaves i would use that
extra loud smoke detector
this will guarantee his attention
because the sound is loud enough to be
heard for miles
once he's near it i'd sprint for the
neighbor's house we might find our
neighbor's computer
a home phone or even a security system
we can trigger to call for help
she grabs lipstick from her purse and
writes a message on the window
won't tell didn't see face boyfriend
coming home
he sees it but doesn't want to give her
any excuses he asks her if she can read
lips and she says yes
so he takes off his mask and then drops
a massive truth bomb
he's not going to kill her until he's
tortured enough that she begs for it
only then
will he come inside to finish the job
with that he walks away and leads her to
reflect on that shocking revelation
this is horrifying but there's some hope
because he had several chances to kill
her already so while he's playing games
we have time to prepare and plan she
immediately takes the opportunity to arm
herself with a kitchen knife and a
hammer
before moving into one of the rooms and
barricading the door she then pulls the
curtains over the windows and waits
this is a good start but it's not enough
as long as he can locate you in the
house
he has every advantage so it's time to
take away his sight
i'd cover every window with cloth on the
ground floor now if he tries to come in
i'll see movement in the cloth and have
a head start to attack him
she also has a hammer so i'd start
pulling scraps of wood throughout the
house
and try boarding up the windows it will
be easier for you to hide upstairs
about detection and harder for him to
play his games then barricade as many
points of entry as possible
you can't make it a fortress but you can
level the playing field
oh and one more thing this is a useless
pet a dog would have been more practical
they'll always know where the killer is
because they have excellent hearing and
at least won't abandon you when your
life's in danger
she waits for the killer to make his
move and sees a shadow on the wall
slowly taking a look through the window
she's horrified to discover her dead
friend's hand
knocking on the window and behind her
the killer controlling her corpse
and it's all being done to torment her
horrifying as it may be
i would use this chance to strike first
i mean look at him he's up close
and he's not even holding a weapon
maddie here suddenly remembers that her
neighbor's phone is tucked in her back
pocket
she needs to get it somehow and comes up
with a plan she grabs your car keys from
the kitchen
and tries to activate the thief alarm to
distract them it doesn't work but she
gave up too soon because there was one
more thing she could have done
car key fobs or short range radio
transmitters but the range can actually
be extended when the fob is placed
against your head
the liquid inside your skull acts as a
transmitter this extends the range of
the car key fob because the water in her
head
doubles the key's wavelength she opens
the door and leans out to activate the
alarm and looks for the killer's
position
he's going to the car so she quickly
goes searching for the phone
but it's gone this guy is one step ahead
again
the killer suddenly appears and runs
with the grabber but she slams the
window on his fingers
she doesn't stop there grabbing the
hammer she swings a sharp end right into
his arm
pain isn't going to stop this guy from
getting what he wants turns out
he's had the phone all along and the
weirdo even took the dead girl's
earrings as a trophy
this is one sick [ __ ] maddie
catches her breath
and spots a killer circling the house
waiting for him to disappear
the woman decides to take her chance to
escape she makes a break for the
neighbor's house but a boat flies past
and into the tree she runs back towards
the house for cover while the killer
slowly reloads his crossbow and she
nearly avoids getting shot by another
bolt
now this is another advantage we have to
consider it takes him nearly 10 seconds
to reload and we could put 35 meters
between us in that time
i would continue running to the
neighbors and take my chances there will
probably be an unlocked entryway because
the neighbor came running
he wants us inside this house because he
can control the situation and if we want
to beat him we need to be less
predictable she runs back upstairs
keeping track of the killer
when the path is clear she climbs out
onto the rooftop where she tosses the
strobe light into the forest as another
distraction
she makes her way down the trellis
unaware that the noise alerts the killer
giving him the perfect opportunity to
shoot her in the lake
really from the pain she's able to pull
the bolt out and wait for him to climb
up the trellis
as he reaches the top she takes it by
surprise yanking the crossbow out of his
grasp and knocks him off the roof
giving her time to reload it but she
quickly realizes this thing
is not easy to handle now by law
crossbows in alabama can have a hundred
pounds of draw strength but that takes
some serious muscle that she doesn't
have
she climbs to the window and manages to
close shut just in time to escape
if this injured killer chest won't
[ __ ] quit she's safe now but they
both know it's only because he allows it
he can get in any time he wants by force
but all this wasn't for nothing
because now she has his weapon okay this
girl is a freaking badass
she's deaf and mute and somehow she
still managed to steal this dude's
weapon
if i were this guy i'd call it quits for
the night this chick
is way too much to handle but now she's
injured and bleeding and that means
she's running out of time in the
bathroom she treats her leg wound and
staunches the bleeding with a tourniquet
and it's really deep she's going to lose
mobility which hurts her chances of her
escape
there is something she can do however
soldiers found out they were more likely
to survive a potentially fatal injury
if they were completely hammer drunk and
victims of penetrating injuries like
gunshot and stab wounds showed the
greatest benefit from alcohol
i'd be very tempted to start hitting the
sauce pretty hard but i'll take any
excuse for that
picking out the crossbow she tries to
figure out how to reload it and fumble
several times in hopeless frustration
as the killer watches through the window
and that's when someone knocks their
door
this changes everything but she has no
idea because she can't hear
the killer acts like a cop shining a
flashlight in his face
the man says he's the neighbor's
boyfriend and is trying to figure out
where
everyone is the killer lies that he
responded to a call and got knocked out
by a burglar
it's a brilliant play because it
convinces the boyfriend to hand over his
phone to call for backup but the
boyfriend begins to realize this guy
doesn't look the part he's not in
uniform he has no muscle he's got
tattoos all over
and he's bleeding from a serious injury
this does not look like it was an
accident
so far the killer's been careful but
then the killer gives it away
he drops the earring that he stole from
the neighbor his girlfriend and this guy
knows something is up
he casually asks who made the call and
when he's told maddie did
his deaf and mute neighbor he knows this
guy's lying to him
the killer knew she was deaf but he
didn't know she was mute
the neighbor then has an idea he tells
him that the owner of the house has a
spare key hidden in the plant on the
porch
the killer goes to pick it up not
noticing that the neighbor has a rock
behind its back
and he's moving in there's a tense
standoff both meant suspicious of each
other
and just as he's about to knock him out
cold maddie bangs in the window
he's distracted away from the killer and
gets stabbed in the throat
oh my god can you imagine what this girl
must be thinking so close to killing him
and now it's your fault
she sure that this one up bleeding he
tries to attack him and gets cut
collapsing onto the ground the killer
takes a moment to gloat but
isn't at all prepared for another round
as the neighbor suddenly lunges back up
and tackles him
this guy is seriously built different
even though he's bleeding to death he
strangles him with his last ounce of
strength
maddie sees her mouth one last word to
her run and takes that as her chance to
leave
she goes through the side door but the
killer is faster he runs up and knocks
her to the ground brutally bashing her
head
with a rock it looks like it's over the
killer won
except she suddenly turns her bloodied
head and says
you can't run this wasn't real
this was her ryder brand kicking in
letting her imagine what would happen if
she ran outside
as she was told to by the neighbor this
is a pivotal moment i would consider all
my options first
because we have a lot of them but
unfortunately they're all [ __ ]
we won't be able to outrun him the
crossbow is too difficult to use
turning the power back on would be great
but the wires might be cut and we can
get easily ambushed or we could hide
throughout the house
barricading the doors to wait it out but
there are windows in each room
and the longer we wait the more blood we
lose with no help on the way
we'd be dead in a few hours she's only
got one option left
kill him if we can't [ __ ] the crossbow
i'd find leverage somewhere in the house
to help me draw the bowstring then i'd
perch on the roof until he's close
enough to shoot
she's got two bolts so there's a good
chance we can hit him the neighbor
finally dies and the killer
gasps for air he waits at the car and
considers if he should go in
when he looks down to see the cat he
pulls out his knife and picks it up when
all of a sudden he's shot with a bolt
damn she's got good aim screaming in
pain he pulls it out and chases after
the woman who drops her one last bolt
outside
the killer slams the door on her hand
and begins stomping on it breaking her
fingers
and leaving her a crying mess but
something snaps in her clutching her
mangled fingers
she begins to laugh she gets up off the
floor stone-faced as she realizes
what she has to do the only way to kill
him is to make him come inside
and he'll only do it when she begs him
to kill her she dips her finger in her
own blood
and writes the window do it coward
accepting the challenge he goes back to
his car to grab a tire iron giving her
enough time to write out a physical
description of the killer on her
computer
he comes back and he's done playing
games he tries to break through the
glass
which is a lot tougher than it appears
she runs into the bathroom
locking the door and waits with the
knife in hand this
will be her last stand she's so focused
on the door that she doesn't consider
another way into the room
the killer breaks in behind her landing
in the bathtub but he doesn't kill her
yet
instead he gloats about how she'll
scream when he's done with her
and chuckles to himself his breath on
her neck alerting her to his presence
she turns around stabbing him with her
knife and hobbles at the door
but she's running out of time her vision
is going blurry and she's not going to
last much longer if she doesn't kill him
now
the killer makes his way out and finds
her collapse on the kitchen floor
barely alive he goes to the killing blow
ready to stab her to death but she stuns
him with a face
full of wasp spray he screams at an
agony distracted by the pain just long
enough for her to grab the smoke alarm
and
activate it the noise and light
overwhelming him maddie reaches for a
knife but she's too slow as the killer
kicks her senseless and begins
strangling her to death
she tries to do all she can to get him
off but she's too weak to do anything
except for grabbing one last weapon he
doesn't see it coming and gets his
throat punctured
blood gushes out of his wound and he
finally dies killing over dead right
next to maddie who has beaten the killer
against all odds and with every
disadvantage imaginable
she grabs her phone from his pocket and
calls the cops
victorious she's able to stumble out of
her home and wait on the patio with her
cat
the flashing lights of the police
cruisers growing brighter as they arrive
at her home
but what do you think how would you beat
the killer let me know with a comment
down below
thank you so much for watching leave a
like and subscribe and check out the how
to be playlist
for more videos like this until next
time have a damn good day